[Serve] Proxy prototype w/ LeastConnectionPolicy (#3395)
skypilot-org/skypilot: sky/serve/README.md

Serving library for SkyPilot.

> The goal of Sky Serve is simple - expose one endpoint, that redistribute any incoming traffics to serving endpoints running on different resources, regions and clouds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of Sky Serve is simple - exposing one endpoint, that distributes any incoming traffic to serving endpoints running on different resources, regions, and clouds.
```

![Architecture](../../docs/source/images/sky-serve-architecture.png)

Sky Serve has four key components:

> 1. Load Balancers - receiving requests and redistributing them to healthy endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Load Balancers - receiving requests and distributing them to healthy endpoints.
```
